.TH MK 1
.SH NAME
\fBmk\fR \- A simple build system for C/C++ with near zero configuration.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mk
[\fIOPTIONS\fR...]
[\fItargets\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBmk\fR is a build system with a focus on inferring build information from
directory layout and compiler-provided details.
\fBmk\fR goes so far as to infer which libraries your program needs to link
against based on the headers it includes when it can.
Likewise, \fBmk\fR can also generate a header if you're using git(1).
.SS Expected directory layout
It's expected that when \fBmk\fR is run it will be done in the "workspace directory"
of where the projects will be built.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8n
\-h, \-\-help
Show the help message.
.TP 8n
\-v, \-\-version
Show the version information.
.TP 8n
\-V, \-\-verbose
Show the commands that \fBmk\fR invokes.
.TP 8n
\-b, \-\-brush
Remove intermediate files.
.TP 8n
\-C, \-\-clean
Remove \fI.mk-obj/<platform-name>\fR.
.TP 8n
\-r, \-\-release
Build in release mode.
.TP 8n
\-R, \-\-rebuild
Force a rebuild, without cleaning first.
.TP 8n
\-T, \-\-test
Run unit tests.
.TP 8n
\-c, \-\-compile\-only
Just compile; do not link.
.TP 8n
\-p, \-\-pedantic
Enable pedantic warnings.
.TP 8n
\-\-[no\-]pthread
Enable/disable \fB\-pthread\fR compiler flag. [default]
.TP 8n
\-H, \-\-print-hierarchy
Display the project hierarchy. (Useful for determining what \fBmk\fR is doing.)
.TP 8n
\-S, \-\-srcdir=<\fIdir\fR>
Add a source directory. Can also add source directories in a workspace config file.
.TP 8n
\-I, \-\-incdir=<\fIdir\fR>
Add an include search directory. Can also add include directories in a workspace config file.
.TP 8n
\-L, \-\-libdir=<\fIdir\fR>
Add a library search directory. Can also add library directories in a workspace config file.
.TP 8n
\-P, \-\-pkgdir=<\fIdir\fR>
Add a package directory. Can also add package directories in a workspace config file.
.TP 8n
\-\-[no\-]color
Enable or disable colored output.
.TP 8n
\-\-ansi\-colors
When using colored output, use ANSI-based terminal color codes.
.TP 8n
\-\-win32\-colors
When using colored output, use Windows console API commands.
.TP 8n
\-\-[no\-]builtin\-autolinks
Enable built\-in autolinks. [default]
.TP 8n
\-\-[no\-]user\-autolinks
Enable loading of \fImk\-autolinks.txt\fR. [default]
